Update indexers page (#20563)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/code_intelligence/references/indexers.md

      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td><a href="https://github.com/sourcegraph/lsif-java">lsif-java</a></td>

>         <td><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/status-ready-green" alt="Ready"></td>

Reviewer: 🥳

#### lsif-clang

> - Supports projects using with make, cmake and Bazel in their build tooling.

Reviewer 2: This can just say "supports all build systems," the difference between build systems is how fast or easy it is but it does work for any build system.

> - Supports projects using with make, cmake and Bazel in their build tooling.

Author: ```suggestion
- Supports all build systems.
```

> - lsif-clang sometimes outputs nonsensical data when trying to index template usages or definitions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- lsif-clang sometimes fails to correctly index templates and macros.
```

> - C/C++ build system ecosystem is extremely fragmented and difficult to support out of the box. We have decided that integrated build tool support will not be a short-term goal of lsif-clang.

Reviewer 2: by "integrated build tool" do you mean autoindexing?

```suggestion
- It is not on our roadmap to support autoindexing for C/C++ repositories due to tooling fragmentation.
```
